https://codepen.io/samantha-johnson55/pen/PozRGdz

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML gives meaning to the content on a web page. It helps developers and search engines determine the context of the content on the page. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	HTML is the standard markup language for documents to be displayed in a web browser. It gives structure to a web page. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute provides more information about an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
	An h1 tag is used on the title with the most importance on a web page. It is used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. 
	The a tag has the requred href attribute, the img tag has the required src attribute. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? 
	An id is an attribued used to specify a unique id for an element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	All elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	You can use an id once. You cannt have more than one element with the same id in an HTML document.
    10. What is a class? 
	A class is an attribute used to specify a class for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	All elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	Multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	<a href="https://www.example.com" target="_blank">example.com</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	The alt attribute describes the image if the image doesn't load on the page.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	In CSS, you reference an id with #. 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section means that the content inside is grouped. Div tags define a division. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS gives style to a web page including layout, color and font.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	In CSS: h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class can be applied to mutiple elements. An id is specific to one element. You can use a class for all of the p elements to specify certain font size. An id can be used on one element, like a certain h2 tag to specify a certain style that is different from the other h2 tags.    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	In CSS, you select classes with .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    	.sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It is used to describe a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	border-width: 1px;
	border-style: dotted;
	border-color: black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	Ctrl+a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm You can accidentally delete files or folders that you didn't want to delete.   
    34. Why should I use version control?
	 When working with a team, everyone can work on a file at any time and later merge the changes into a common version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Often.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork the project repo
	Add the PM as collaborator found in the Github repo settings
	Clone the forked repo
	Go to the terminal and add the command git clone and repo link that was copied
	Go to the closed repo (cd name-of-repo), then create a new branch with your first name and last name. git checkout -b firstname-lastname
	Open your project repo with text editor and make changes.
	When ready to commit changes, save changes in VS code then go back to the terminal then add> commit > push
	git add path/to/file
	git add commit -m "your commit message"
	git push origin your-branch-name
	Go to github, click the compare & pull request button. If that doesn't show, click the New pull request button.
	Choose your forked repo as your base repository.
	Add the PM as a reviewer and click pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 